docs(models): add reference and how-to for Platforms models. (#736)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/models/index.rst

Models
======

> Craft application uses `Pydantic`_ to describe the models used in ``<app>.yaml`` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Craft Application uses `Pydantic`_ to describe the models used in ``<app>.yaml`` files.
```

> This helps generate `JSON schemas`_ for the files, improving editor integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps generate `JSON schemas`_ for the files, which facilitate text editor and IDE integration.
```

Author: I've changed this to "which facilitate editor integration" (which covers both text editors and IDEs)
